Now that we have a better sense of what the system needs to do,
we are going to draw all the extra functionality on the architectural diagram.
Here is our original system architecture.
Let's add more details to the three subsystems.
The car display subsystem will need extra software blocks.
One controls a light that tells the driver if the lane keeping item is on or off.
A second will control a light telling
the driver that the lane departure warning is activated.
The camera subsystem needs two software blocks, as well.
One for lane sensing and a separate block to send
a torque request to the electronic power steering subsystem.
The electronic power steering subsystem will need three software blocks.
The first will sense how much the driver is turning the steering wheel.
A second software block will receive
the vibrational torque request from the camera subsystem.
This is where we will limit the amplitude and frequency to be
low max torque amplitude and max torque frequency.
The third block will add these torque requests together to
output a final torque to the motor that moves the steering wheel.
We have now derived functional safety requirements and
allocated those requirements to the architectural diagram.
In the next step, we will label the architectural diagram with a.